---
title: Rebooted, Again
layout: post
excerpt: It’s been a while. Don’t worry. It’s not you, it’s me. In the process of moving to Berlin, selling my residence in Portland, starting to work on Wunderlist 3, and generally starting up a new life in a new country, my hopes to keep friends and family updated through blog posts, newsletters, and more fell flat. But it’s time to start again.
---

It’s been a while. Don’t worry. It’s not you, it’s me. In the process of moving to Berlin, selling my residence in Portland, starting to work on [Wunderlist 3](http://wunderlist.com), and generally starting up a new life in a new country, my hopes to keep friends and family updated through blog posts, newsletters, and more fell flat. But, yah, things are good. I love living in Berlin, the new job is working out, and I’ve even managed to squeeze in a few trips to the Mediterranean for a few short bits of vacation. Katerina even arranged a lovely surprise two-day trip to Copenhagen for my birthday.

Now that I’ve settled into the pace of life here a bit more, it’s time to circle back and start blogging again. And, as always happens, I couldn’t help but mess with how I do things. Backing this site with Tumblr was fun while it lasted, but in the end, I want more control over the horizontal and vertical. More to the point, I want to continue to experiment, maybe blow things up in the process, and enjoy getting my hands a bit deeper in again. To that end, I’ve picked up [Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com) and have [started hacking away](https://github.com/duncan/jdd.io). Watch out.

As to the old stuff, I put in redirects for the old Tumblr content, so links shouldn’t rot. That was easier to do than to migrate the content over and futz with formatting, redirect, and the like—at least for now. I’d rather write new stuff than worry too much about the previous round of stuff.

So, what else is new? Well, [Wunderlist 3](http://wunderlist.com) launched last week. Luma Labs is bringing back the Loop—not quite yet announced, but here’s the [sneak peek pre-order page](http://luma-labs.com/products/loop3). And, Katerina and I are finally moving into our own apartment in Berlin after spending the year so far in a temporary place.

Alles gut. More to come.
